Ds 148 typography (#268)
livechat/design-system: packages/react-components/src/stories/foundations/Typography.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Canvas, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

import { Heading } from '../../components/Heading';
import { Text } from '../../components/Text';

<Meta title="Foundations/Typography" />

# Typography

> This guide will help you to create typography hierarchies and structure in the interface you build, this can be achieved by using size and weight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will help you create typography hierarchy in the interface you build. This can be achieved by using size and weight.
```

Reviewer: What do you mean by "weight" here?

Reviewer 2: weight is 400 (Regular) 600 (SemiBold)
